Payments refund (#473)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/payments.md

| `Payments` | array of [Payment](#payment) | required | The list of filtered payments. |
| `Cursor` | string | required | Unique identifier of the last and hence oldest payment returned. This can be used in [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) in a subsequent request to fetch the next batch of payments. |

## Refund payment

> Refunds payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refunds a specified payment.
```

### Request

`[PlatformAddress]/api/connector/v1/payments/refund`

```javascript
{
    "ClientToken": "E0D439EE522F44368DC78E1BFB03710C-D24FB11DBE31D4621C4817E028D9E1D",
    "AccessToken": "C66EF7B239D24632943D115EDE9CB810-EA00F8FD8294692C940F6B5A8F9453D",
    "Client": "Sample Client 1.0.0",
    "EnterpriseId": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6",
    "PaymentId": "f6313945-94c1-4e27-b402-031c2a8c989f",
    "AccountId": "35d4b117-4e60-44a3-9580-c582117eff98",
    "Reason": "Sample reason",
    "ValueToRefund": 110.5,
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |
| `EnterpriseId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Enterprise](enterprises.md#enterprise). Required when using a [Portfolio Access Token](../guidelines/multi-property.md), ignored otherwise. |

> | `PaymentId` | string | required | Unique identifiers of specific [Payment](payments.md#payment). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `PaymentId` | string | required | Unique identifier of specific [Payment](payments.md#payment). |
```

| `AccountId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the account (for example [Customer](customers.md#customer)) the payment belongs to. |
| `Reason` | string | required | Refund reason. |

> | `ValueToRefund` | decimal | required | Refund amount. If not provided the whole payment will be refunded. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ValueToRefund` | decimal | required | Refund amount. If not provided, the whole payment will be refunded. |
```

### Response

```javascript
{
    "PaymentId": "f6313945-94c1-4e27-b402-031c2a8c989f",
    "RefundId": "1d65c488-111a-4719-b3ea-e1a9969c6069",
    "Type": "CreditCardPayment",
    "Amount": { 
        "Currency": "GBP",
        "Value": 100
    },
}
```

> | `PaymentId` | string | required | Unique identifiers of specific [Payment](payments.md#payment). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `PaymentId` | string | required | Unique identifier of specific [Payment](payments.md#payment). |
```

> | `PaymentId` | string | required | Unique identifiers of specific [Payment](payments.md#payment). |

Reviewer: The table header is missing for the response object:
| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `RefundId` | string | required | Unique identifiers of refund. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RefundId` | string | required | Unique identifier of refund. |
```

| `Payments` | array of [Payment](#payment) | required | The list of filtered payments. |
| `Cursor` | string | required | Unique identifier of the last and hence oldest payment returned. This can be used in [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) in a subsequent request to fetch the next batch of payments. |

## Refund payment

> Refunds a specified payment.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, maybe we could explicitly mention here that only creditCards or alternative payments can be refunded and if partner needs more details then provided in the payments/refund response, they can call the payments/getAll with the refundId. Also, I added Kind field to the payments/getAll so we can add it to the documentation in this PR too, please.

| `Payments` | array of [Payment](#payment) | required | The list of filtered payments. |
| `Cursor` | string | required | Unique identifier of the last and hence oldest payment returned. This can be used in [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) in a subsequent request to fetch the next batch of payments. |

## Refund payment

> Refunds a specified payment, only alternative or credit card payments can be refunded. For more information about refund use [Get all payments](payments.md#get-all-payments) using `RefundId`. Note this operation supports [Portfolio Access Tokens](../guidelines/multi-property.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refunds a specified payment. Note only credit card or alternative payments can be refunded. For more information about the refunded payment, use [Get all payments](#get-all-payments) with `PaymentId`. Note this operation supports [Portfolio Access Tokens](../guidelines/multi-property.md).
```
Note @VBuben I assume this should be `PaymentId` and not `RefundId` - can you confirm that?

Author: Yes you are right. What I was meaning by my terrible writting was use `RefundId` paremter from this endpoint and use the value in [Get all payments](#get-all-payments) into `PaymentIds` field
